dead
girl bab and I tell you why with the
Moonlight and the Gypsy Eyes news of the dreams the dragon Which
flies Lady of the trees the sky she rides hail Satan hold you tight I'm
Violet to the top kiss your poison us Cassandra and the CIO Cleopatra serving
up the red wine and black water from the top of Black Rock direct wake and bake
select the ghost coming the set Katie Catherina the Beast collecting cake from
the tricks I Choose You Baby The Muse of the dreams the witch flies with sparkles
in your eyes those who Edge and purple those who clad in purple garments or
ritual death bu a Purple Med was portrait Adorn the Temple of
Venus choose you
[Music]
baby I Choose You Baby I
you welcome back back to Lady Babylon this is bed of the Muse on a Friday
night and I want to thank you for coming I want to thank you for coming this is
going to be a real treat this is going to be a real treat what am I going to bring to you
tonight I'm gonna bring to you a unic
boy I'm gonna bring to you a boy whose vision
whose Vision helped to push the tide of
time this is a unic boy and his name is
Daniel I'm gonna bring him to you tonight and I'm going to show you him
doing his thing like you have never seen
it before because that's what we're here to do we're here to wake
up it's fantastic thank you for coming
tonight I'd like to begin I'd like to begin with a
little um a little feedback from people out there I want to
reach in and grab that remember AOS and the devil right give me the first one here
it is Ricky Ricardo fantastic where is she full of light
can't wait I'm currently reading the chemical M aside from being brilliant
almond just might be the sexiest man alive yeah yeah do you see that chewy do
you see that right just take a take a minute to comprehend yeah 100 twice plus
some fire thank thank you so much I appreciate it it is that fire that burns
isn't it okay um what I want to do is I want to jump in tonight and I want to
give you text again and this time we have a narrative oh but we'll also have
commercials again people like the commercials so I brought some more um and I want to start off on a you know
you've got to give the devil is due before we bring in the unic right and you're going to see that unic and you're
going to be thinking I'm going to Banana that Plum and I'm going to be thinking take
that watermelon you Plum eating
banana here he comes here comes the unic boy you wanted the mystery everybody's
like oh show me the mystery oh chewy there was something the Watchers said to
tell the congregation tonight there was something they said to tell the congregation I'll maybe think of it in a minute um
but first of all the devil everybody and satanic congregation knows I have my
meetings with the devil right there you know it's all business it's all
progress and this time he stopped me before I left and he said you've got one
thing you need to correct and I was like oh man this is not a comfortable place
to be and I asked the devil I said what is that he said you have to
go verbatim anytime you recognize the Muse
because Devil's got a big thing Devil's got a big thing for you know and so he
guards her he guards her very carefully so let me correct myself with all due
honor and diligence hail Satan um I didn't ask the Muse show me
the mystery I didn't I didn't my exact words were I don't know what I'm effing
doing I'm lost please just
sing that's what I said okay all right Lucifer did you get fine there we go
we're straight up and that's how you work it do you see how that code works
it works this way it's the live Living Dead Girl it's the Living Dead Girl and
if you think that I just pulled that out of thin air I pulled that out of the ucini and
Mist the Living Dead Girl fantastic fantastic where we going
where's the unic does anybody want to see Unix out there hey people who wants
to see Unix I want to see some Unix
blessed is the one who can shoulder the burden of being
castrated and chemically transformed that's what Jesus is talking
about that's what he says he's remember he's giving out Jesus Christ is handing
out death inducing drugs death inducing drugs do you know why he's handing out
death inducing drugs drugs because he is performing the
mystery the mystery now we're going to find some text tonight and some deficiencies and some
translation whatnot like that but I want to take you to Someplace Special tonight
I want to take you to some place that is
dank and in order to do that we're going to have to go to B
Babylon we're going to have to go to Babylon cuz you know you know what
happens you remember UA and uian and they were like they saw those men with
the what they call them the horse privates and they saw the thing they
were doing with the virgins yeah yeah and these costums
these anthropological Customs they come out linguistically as the
Mysteries and people ask me what do I do I'm horrified I'm not asking you to do
anything I'm asking you to look what that history is look at the
history look at the language love it bring it out tease it out you want to
see some Unix stuff let's get to the Unix come on people are like just bring him
on bring him on unic where's the unic Joey hit it we're going to see the unic
oh um before we do take your medicine people you did not pay attention last
time I know it I could feel it I was like oh I didn't deliver that
properly so I am putting up this quote from the last time that we met in this clandestine in
way on the tube of the U this is um
edius of amida and he's the physician and he's writing about Christ
things in Christ things epicist things peric Christ
things and in this I wanted you to see an actual text so that people
who talk like oh let me see let me see the tck here it
is I've been telling everybody about the purple here it is eat this eat this you
know what this is It's a lightsaber that just cut off your privates watch this people what is edius
of am to say he says mixing mixing in
the serpent Venom specifically the Deep sass
specifically what do we do look at the second line third from last
word we en Christ it do you know how you get where are the images Che do you know
how you get your game on in the mystery you thought it was walking up to the
like hey good evening Pastor Frank hey
then they come on with some oh we worship we worship we
worship and the next thing you know you're in the back alley and somebody's
fingers stink yeah this is what we're not here
to give you we're here to give you the mystery now what I just showed you was a
medical text talking about the use of drugs with an in Christ
stationing you're in Chris thing
okay and what's that gonna do oh God does it
burn does it burn it's with purple remember I brought the purple and showed
you and every's like do you know what the biggest commodity was were trading the
purple everybody's like no it's Metals no it's not it's the purple and
the purple is dictating the names that people are creating for themselves to represent to
take a step from representing Pirates Who were
dealers in the purple trying to take that extra step to
what the Greeks called polus city state that's what we call it
city state yeah the governing power and that
City if you're an Athenian and you got any brains is ruled by its teams by its
neighborhoods isn't that gorgeous so that wisdom is what we're very much
going to pull out of that unic we're going to reach into Daniel we're going to pull out right out of that unic we're
going to pull out Sophia are you ready for this now
remember the septu I want you to keep this in mind the septu is written in the
third Century so what we are reading is all the septu agen and it's going to
reflect what's going on in the thir Century it's gorgeous it's gorgeous and
again the Greek words are that huge right Greek
Hebrew Greek Hebrew that's word size you bunch of
perverts I love it I love your perversions why why do I love your
perversions yes they are wonderful give me the next one let's go let's go in
deep people look I'm going to take us through the gospel and and why am I doing that because we're looking at what
the followers of Abram what they were doing what kind of
people were these we're going to do this backwards right because that's the way the devil always says to do it you do it
backwards right it's much more efficient this is Luke 16:24 yeah and he says oh who is this
doesn't matter he says Father Abraham have mercy on me send over
Lazarus in order that he might dip the tips of his
fingers and some water sprinkl it on my
tongue cuz it hurts I'm in the
flocks do you remember what Abraham was doing leave it up for a second do you
remember what Abraham was doing last week we found the flocks in Greek
right here it is here it is what is the
flocks it is that flame if you knew the purple you would
know exactly what I'm talking about it is that flame who is the devil
Abraham who is the devil the devil is AOS
have you been burned by the
flame okay remember with cyan pathia who's the med
dewa think of the Healer who is the Aphrodite from the
cian culture and that's what you that's the sexiness upon sexiness that you get
in the cosmos it just pours out of every oh god oh let's let's it's too much it's
too much devil we gotta keep going we gotta keep going I'm gonna get burnt give me the next
one um did we talk about everything and that wait a minute let's go back because there was something going on here send
over Lazarus right so he can what's going on with my tongue what's going on
with my tongue did anybody realize we got to the cult before I even said we
were going to go to it what do you got you got tongues of
fire you got tongues of fire it's an effect of the drugs that they're using
in the rights where they're using the unic
boys why is that because the body chemistry is different
this ride is brought to you by the kmos when your kitis is shaking his
posterior and it gets dirty use this wash them out brought to you by
doctors all over the Mediterranean fantastic let's go isn't
that nice it's like a it's a you know let's go to it come on oh God what where
is that Source they're so wiy tonight let's go to this one hey people where is
this guy he's in Hell he's in hell do you know where hell
is it's in Abraham's
lap it's where the circumcise go to Abraham's lap
do you understand how the
power emanates from the patriarch of the sex trafficking drug
trafficking pirate gangs do you understand how it works now
we're going to see more of this tonight you're going to think oh there's just one it's only one time that Abraham gets
called a pirate it right it's only one time no turns
out it's all over the place now why is this wake up for a
minute and Put a Spell on You this is the third century author writing this in
Greek right and the same dude that wrote Our sources tonight
Daniel that our sources in Daniel that dude is the same Au author as Genesis
yeah undoubtedly yeah and you'll say oh that's not what the that's not what the HooHa says that's not what the HOA says
come here come here Mr Bible degre hold down your little pants I'm gonna go be with your wife in
her dreams sorry I've got to get it out
every once in a while I know people write it and they say I don't like [Laughter]
that guess what Timmy where's Timmy is Timmy coming tonight
who wants Timmy to show up tonight I want to see Timmy if you want Timmy to show up Timmy timy Timmy okay give it do
we have any or they better be chanting give me the next one what is a call po because this is what you're on right did
you understand the verse that I flashed up there dude in
Hell sees a kid in the lap
of Abraham he's in his Co post he's in his C post wait a minute is
this word used in the mystery in any sort of special way hit
it blow it up okay what does that say at the top
I you hear gynecological in that right it's the woman's privies
it's the woman's privy especially look at these look at these dirty
victorians right especially the vagina
especially supposed sinuses in the womb in poets more
vaguely of the whole sinus genitalis uh womb fine look at the
bottom one look at the bottom one the womb of time I bet you weren't clever enough to
the dudes out there I bet you weren't ever clever enough to come up with an
imagination such a thing I bet you weren't and I bet the Amazonian women
who are still out there I bet you live that I bet you do what's the other
cities okay let's go to the next one that's the compost that's the comp poost
and the kid is in the cpost of the pirate
right do you remember where we saw these people who are these people
who are involved in this cult with these drugs one of these I'm translating one of these dudes is Rich he was rich yeah
he's all decked out in the purple right and he's got that fine lenen that they die right and what is he
he's walking around happily sted
elinos you know where his mind is he's in Bliss baby do you remember that
island that we went to chewy do you remember the island where the Lotus seedar were I didn't want to come back I
just want to sit there all day and eat that Lotus oh God did we talk about the
mystery is a healing right do you know why they're walking around Jesus
physician oh did you think that he went to he was just like oh he's the Divine
physician oh you know I don't know it sounds like did you hear that the Halo is wearing off huh it got lower there I
don't know what's going on I don't know what's going on but it's not standing up to scrutiny these sources are telling us
a whole different story anthropologically let's watch these people get get baked some more give me
the next one this is beyond baked this is like oh I'm going to go out and sacrifice my only son kind of you got to
be in a place for that yeah no that's okay give me that and here's Luke right
um yeah it's not the case the dude says Father Abraham right listen to me he
says I've got an idea if somebody comes back from the
dead the people who are doing things they shouldn't be doing they'll change
their minds they'll change their Minds they'll turn they'll
turn Okay um does anybody know did we how do we get here right um are we in a
cult yeah you very much are you're following the Mysteries you're following the
Mysteries okay why the references to Abraham because anyone who has been
initiated knows right 3
Century thir Century we are taking the system that the Greeks themselves have
perfected and we're creating a fictional
knockoff that is the subagent isn't that
interesting look at the my and how do we know what's what's the real the thing that nobody can say oh it's h it's
[Laughter] Arabic how many books do you have an
Aramaic in the fifth century you Bone Heads you got
zero you got nothing pay attention to the
mistress the Mistress of History the mistress langage mother Greek that sexy Living Dead Girl
oh God I think it I think I did they give us Lotus yet or are we G to be
stuck here come on chewy we got to get through this give me the next one keep us on target right oh god um who are the
people by the way so here we are we're in the middle of the mystery with Jesus
and what does he say it's impossible not to scandalize
right okay look I'm the head of a religion says Jesus right you can call
me Lord I'm a Son of God yeah and you join
me you will get scandalized and what is he what kind of scandals is he talking about give me
like what kind of I don't know you know because it good could be a good thing like well maybe all the locals are jerks
and that's what evangelicals spew I know it cuz I spewed it once too
I spewed it on him I spewed it on her I spewed all oh God it was a spewing
Fest yeah yeah who are we talking about scandalizing
Scandal Don mikon one of the mikron one of the
ones do you know what kind of Scandal we're talking about yeah you do do you
know the fury that follows the Scandal that Jesus says
we're inevitably gonna have to undergo right and he gets all predict
with who's going to go out and do it right okay all right it's part of the
game man when you're a pirate it it's part of the game even though he's Sayang in his last
breath I'm not a laay I'm
not it is a part of his
Traditions child trafficking for the sake of sexual
gratification was the spark that drove the ancient
cartels led by people like
Abraham okay now it's all in the creek
you just have to watch let's keep going let's keep going where's the next one chewy Star Charts boom okay people a
little surprising now look you've Le heard of this guy I'm taking you to Babylon though right everybody got back
on the bu now we're going we're going to go to
Babylon and who's going to be ruling there the second n the second word
nabos Nabu hosur Nabu
hosur do you know who that is that's the guy you call
Nebuchadnezzar and the reason you do is because of the fake
Hebrew that was used to try to translate this SE third Century document fantastic
who's he he's the basos Bonos right fantastic fantastic give me the next one
and what is he doing oh by the way what is he doing blow it up first and bring
on some images what is Nebuchadnezzar doing
he is taking the
boys what's he taking boys for he needs his Unix
replenished don't you want to
support the industry don't you want to have the
vision do you want to see him what he uses the boys for do you want to see him
okay this is Bible people why does nobody read the Bible how does he use
them how does he use him go let's give it give me the next give me that Source I think it was the one we put up that I
said run so what does he do he takes Unix but
he also very importantly and who are they captives dude gangs of
pirates they come in they wipe them out because they have a superior military
force right it's Babylon do you have a problem with
that you know what I mean that kind of thing better police force you know
military wo right this is big time it's just like those Romans baby and um what
happens so they collect also their scway right their scway what are their
scaleway um who first of all they they kidnapped some boys and then they do what they they take
their scal this is their equipment wait a minute what the what kind of kid comes with
equipment look at number two at the bottom look at number two do you see
that Greek word there I Doan do you remember I told you there
are many many words for Galia this is one of
them okay they're even taking their
equipment okay all right now what are you gonna do with this kid that's the
question what are you gonna do give me the next one give me the next one oh here by the way here's a vessel here's
the scale was CH tune it with the gender and it becomes the vessel make it neuter
but watch this people look at the Elegance of the Greek this scale
this vessel is the body right it's what carries the soul and then look at number
three at the bottom you know what that is I
Doon my genitalia or the vessel it carries the
power of the universe seriously
okay people are going to ask me be like okay wait a minute you know I didn't see
this on the pamphlet right remember when I told you
all that and by the way for those people who are hanging in there and going back
and binging the satanic initiation so you don't have to be left behind at
certain spots so you can have ears to hear nice job nice job to those people who are doing that people um I love it I
love it and I think that's a good way to catch up and I think the best way to do it is on times too right just do it on
time you know it's kind of funnier that way and you know cuts through and he pauses lets you learn a lot faster I
think I think okay where were we oh cheey give me back the text give me back
the text oh here we're looking for young
boys that's right I forgot we're with we're with Nebuchadnezzar who wants Unix
right and um what what's the shape that these boys have to be in it's in the first line they can't have any
Momos they can't have any what any Momos okay do you have any M I don't um and
they have to be Callo they have to be hot they have to be hot remember the
boys that Alexander the false prophet worked with these the kind of said you can order
these boys in Antiquity I would like it was door Dash piracy door Dash right
what do you order up um I'd like one that is very goodlooking and has no
Momo what is a Momo it's a a birth mark it's some kind
of e
it was it was because we brought the menu look B this is from the
Bible right what are we looking for we're looking for Unix like Daniel and
they have to be without MOS without any sort of birth mark without any sort of
complexion that that uh that is unseemly no freckles I've got to think
about freckles you know you can't be an Oracle and freckles right I don't know right but we
want those Oracle boys and I'm going to show you like Daniel that we're going to
put through the mystery we want them to be without any
sort of marks yeah and what do they have to they have to have their stuff
together and be very smart they have to hang out with Sophia he says and they
gotta have nosis they gotta have nosis speaking of which Neil will be
here in a few minutes to answer questions maybe to answer questions um
and what else besides the nosis they got to have fasis what is that well nois is
that understanding fron nasis is the ability
to use that understanding you might say it's something like Prudence right a prudent
person right how to use your nois and um
you know they want these kids to be strong in that and they want them to be
advisors for the king oh isn't that nice so they teach him look at the second
last line gr gr
andion and the tongue of the
caldi okay what are they [Music]
doing
e
e e
did you get it restarted did you get it restor you did it you did it chewy give us a give us a heads up give us a heads
up out there if we is oh there it is oh god there it is okay um she did it
fantastic good good nice good yeah that's fantastic okay here we go look
she's real oh my God chewy you're real um by the way people are loving people
are loving the uh uh songs of our Orphus right Teddy Bas love it um we wouldn't
be here without his choir to sing us in I love it um where were we oh God we
were teaching the gramata the letters now remember this is a reflection of
third Century Alexandria what is the big thing in Alexandria
exactly what he's talking about this is pidea right for Unix in Babylon and he's
using the same terms he's using the exact same terms why because he's reflecting what
is in his environment and he's trying to broadcast it to the Past isn't that
interesting some people wrote straight up histories people like
Herodotus people like thus cities they just wrote straight up histories right this these are the
cultures these are languages what this is what they do that kind of thing some
people wrote pseudo
histories but the problem is when you do that your own fingerprint is going to linguistically work its way through and
you're going to get caught eventually and that's what we've got
that's what we've got so let's see from the Greek what actually happens give me the next one oh God you're going to love
this give me go ahead oh no is it are we stalling again look what oh
here boom look we really did we really did we
took a hit from a TI fighter okay look can we not get any visuals oh God oh
it's a worst case scenario pable now listen for those of you who are going to ride in and comment about my camera it's
not my camera this is internet problems for me in the place that I live in the
place that is my kitchen we cannot get
Beyond 8 MVPs so we are stuck in 1988
yeah you've got to okay we're gonna restart the Falcon again hit it Chey hit
it they'll stay hey people I'm sorry please please forgive
us there he is it's the young boys are we back it's the young boys okay look
people nanus just like Jesus had right this is Daniel when he does his dreamy
lovey mystery stuff after they cut his testicles off and give him drugs go what
is what are we looking for kids without we don't want them to have any sort of
defects we got to have those perfect little kitties for for our mystery right
that is Judaism and Christianity fantastic and what else do we have they
have to beautiful remember that that's what it says in the Bible right these unic boys that get to
that state where they can harness God why do you think Yahoo wants to come
down and enter that vessel why do you think that expression of the logos wants
to come and into that vessel is because they got no blemishes they're gorgeous
and what else are they Kalo right what else are these Unix they they got the
nois and this is something sepian Scholars are so terrible at they think
it's weird but it's actually Greek any who look at the repetition of the roots love doing that they're so addicted to
that right it's that Gamu baby give me some
of that Gamu here's some gramata that's what they're teaching now are they are
they no they're doing it in the third century and we're back ring it so that um we can
tell a story that is not an actual history right and remember there is a
deed involved in all of this there's a deed okay give me the next one
boom what happens here look at verse 20 right this is Daniel again this is
chapters one and two that we're going through um and these kids have to be
smart they have to be learned right and they have to um they have to
be able to exceed the other uh Smarties schools of Smarties
colleges of Smarties around them and at list them out here who who is Daniel got
to be better than he's got to be better than the EP Aus the
epodes what is an epode I'll show you he's got to be better than the marus
what are the marus I'll show you a second give it to me next one what is it
what is the epode what are these people with whom
the unic must compete yeah give me give me give me give me the Greek love it love it singer
now notice here they talk about songs or charms when they say charms they mean
drugs drugs why because there is a
Unity between singing performing magic and
healing yes did you know you can change somebody's
Superstition with the right face and the right
song You Can Change somebody's mental disposition
I I can take a jerk and turn him into a humble
appreciative lover in a second yeah you just have to have
her right you have to have that image right that Living Dead Girl image
when we go to ausus the reason we come back and we're not afraid of death anymore is because we have all seen the
Living Dead Girl
right oh are you beginning to see are you beginning to see oh God get back on
the throne quick before those time Fighters come back give me the next one look at this people you know who what an
EPO is it's an enchanter a go right oh god um look at
look at assist in profitable right okay okay what is a goas what is a goas it's
a kind of old Greek
magician old Greek magician and what are they really they go around chanting
mourning mourning give me the next one chanting and mourning look at this
sometimes they're called Sorcerers or Wizards Sorcerers or Wizards and when people don't like them
they call them cheat you know there was a sorcerer named aulus who got went on trial what what
happened to him there was this really rich woman and she was like not
young okay I'm sorry that's what the story is I didn't say that she was you
know Pastor Prime Pastor Prime and aulus comes in and all of a
sudden she wants to marry him and to give her a sign over over all her possessions to him and all that kind of
stuff you know what I mean do you know what he got tried
for having Charmed her when I say charm I don't mean you know I met her at the
coffee shop and just happened to be a good talker no I mean he drugged
her the ACT I want to make sure you understand this and chewy maybe have slides for this I don't know the act of
intercourse in Antiquity is an act that involves using
[Music] drugs it involves using drugs it is a
part of Gynecology and the women who know know
which drugs to use and which do what you can order a cocktail of the stuff and
they apply it in all sorts of different ways sometimes to the side itself directly to the genitalia nope
this one's got to be introduced Rey oh this one they smear all over their
mouths yeah yeah and then they medicate each
other with those mouths you mean there's a psychedelic
component to sex yeah um wake up wake
up look what they're doing to the brain look what they're how they're
tuning via this chemistry that I just showed you they are crfting venoms in
their eyes I don't know I don't know once you've combined the purple with
that Venom I don't know what it is that takes you to that death I don't know what it
is that brings you back but I know the experience of the Christ
is what these mystery practitioners are doing it's all their
motivation are you ready to see it I'm about to show you Christ in the Book of Daniel you didn't know Christ was in The
Book of Daniel well it's not the Christ you're thinking of but it's the process of
christing it's the process of christing you mean christing involves a unic
boy and a dude
dude not just any dude it's got to be a Son of God it's got to be a Son of God now if
you knew the drugs you would understand exactly what I'm saying right and if
you've been around initiation and seen the drugs you know what I'm
saying back on the throne every time every time we got to go back to the throne give me that one
boo give me that gorgeous oh look at this what do you do when you're hexing you're groaning you're groaning now
Daniel's got to be better than these people right give me the next one he's got to be better than these people who
are these people and you say oh the Magi oh the Magi no it's not your stupid
conception of the Magi no we don't want that we don't need
that thank you very much theology no all we need are texts and
what does the MOs do what does the MOs do they're the ones who are involved so
deeply with the complex drug concoctions they can get you give me the next one
they can get you to do anything these are the people who can get you to do anything can get your mind to any sort
of mental state that they want it to be whether they want to pep you up as a soldier whether they want to interrogate
you as a conspirator and an insurrectionist they do that too right
they are the equivalent of the Secret Service of the
king yeah Secret Service they have to come up with the goods and part of the
goods for the Secret Service are Visions
Visions okay Visions what do we go got going on with
Daniel we got got something called pyaria I told you I told you people says
these four boys right these four boys what are they they're
pyaria tell me what is pyaria what is pyaria it's a bunch of little boys now
if you thought Daniel was 30 when this is happening look this is something special you got to get the ones that are
this age you got to get the ones that are this age notice it's both masculine
and feminine when you're talking about padian right because what is padian padian is that
bloom yeah is that bloom okay remember they're not talking
about years they're talking about life development stages okay all right good good Give me
the give me the next one um and what are they looking for what are these people looking for they're all going they're
all looking for Mercy from God the God who is in uranos and what are they
looking for they're looking on behalf of the
musterion yeah why because they don't want to get destroyed you see what's
happened is the King has had a dream and when he woke up he couldn't freaking remember it but he said this was a
vision and he got all of his secret forces together all of his
brainiacs and said tell me what it is right or I'm going to kill you and so
they couldn't so he started killing people what kind of look people may I
remind you that it was media who civilized these
people right they were going for mud brick they went back and forth from mud brick to Mud brick she came in built a
bridge on the Euphrates a tunnel for people to go with all this elabor
architecture what the seriously they even describe how she built
it oh my God can you believe that they just go from that back to Mud brick I
don't know what happens I don't know what happens they didn't have a language that kept them together though did you
notice that that CDI took a plop into lit twallet
oh God somebody's GNA write to me again about gilgames who would have thought it that Gilgamesh had so many fans out
there so many fans of gilgames it's not literature come here gilgames and Inky
do and all your fraking stupid hairy buddies yeah that's from
Apollo I hate it when he does that don't you
realize okay let's get back to it here people I don't want to take advantage of people time we already lost a couple
hundreds who were like dude get your equipment together no it's part of the show you'll you'll grow to love it I
promise you um I want to show you something people real quick real quick who is this guy who is this guy that's
talking about this Yahoo this corion right he's the one who knows those things that you got to know right he's
going to show you the Deep things the things that are apocryphal it says Greek the things that are
hidden right you've got to be able to know if you're Daniel and you are the king's
boy you have got to be able to look into the darkness now um this is actually you
know that's what it says literally right to see that light you've got to be able look in the darkness but let me explain
what they're doing in the thir century when this is being written they're using
boys for divination very special form of divination where the boy who of course
has to be naked The Naked oiled boy is to look into water the element he
has to stare into the water and through the water he'll receive the elements of
the future okay wait what drug was that I
forgot which one we put in that ice have again but it's starting to burn my skin that's why you'll see them all with the
paste the chalky paste on their cheeks because that stuff runs down your skin
and it hurts it hurts love it media can go up in flames
you should see her it's quite it's quite the show give me next one give me give me the next one what else is happening
what else is happening we're talking about the ion again and we're talking about Sophia again I want you just to
realize how much of what you thought was quote unquote Old Testament or Torah
what is actually the septu agent how much of this are or cult terms that
we're coming across frequently in the Greek sources that predate this by
centuries right and postdated by centuries right it's gorgeous give me
the next one give me the next one okay I want to read this one um so Daniel answered in the face of the of the King
right Daniel steps up because King starts killing people oh [__] you can't tell my dreams frig it you're gonna die
right I mean that's I don't know maybe he's on something but um I don't know sounds like alucino or something um and
so what happens what happens he says he's he he's been given the musterion
yeah right it's the musterion that he's looking for which is the
answer to his question of what was my dream Daniel understands because he is
initiated he's using the language right here in the
that we're looking for in Greek here's the word that we're looking for in Greek okay muston and its concept how are we
going to translate that into um dead Hebrew from the first century BC when
we're all sitting in Coman being zealots hanging out not going into cities and
stuff because we're zealots and we're going to create we're going to create some Hebrew
that hasn't been around for hundreds of years so what are we going to do with this word oh man you know the Greeks
what are we going to do with this one what do we do what do we do with it oh look at this Raz Raz tell me what is the meaning Raz
is a secret Raz is a secret look what they did they spoke do you know there's
no secret what are you talking about a secret look at the word origin
Aramaic or right does it say or no a foreign origin right it sounds like a
lot of possibility and probability sounds to me like you you created this word Ras from
Mysterion sounds to me that's like what you did because the meaning you'll never be able to the depths of this one you
won't be able to go look at the verb that comes from muo muo right
mystery secret right do you see this doesn't mean secret this is the secret
right the mystery is a performance it's a performance did you
forget about bakas and all of that theater and all that good stuff look at this first appears in
heraclitus Nice Nice presocratic references to it Herodotus talks about
it right we talk about the kabiri and Samra and what they're do we talk about
demer lusus what else what else of these things that Daniel is talking about he's
talking about Mystic implements do you remember the Musta that we
took when we captured those pirates and then took all of their children the
young goodlooking boys that didn't like you know have ears that were different
places you know and looks nice those we took those and we clip clip clip clip
took off their little testicles we are working with the
Musta do you know why you are circumcised at this time you are
circumcised because you were part of a gang of pirates who were
involved in sex trafficking that is why you are
circumcised it has everything to do with your sexuality and how it will be
sold did we get that through I think that's what we need they load that one
up and whole thing's going to go off yeah I love it let's go back do did we
miss anything up here I just want to make sure we didn't miss anything up here go back to this one go back to this
one um yeah this is more what is I want you to notice third from the bottom line this where we're talking about the
muston all right this is Daniel we're talking about the muston and this m
these Musta are going to be revealed right and
he oh back um look at the escaton quick quick quick third line from the bottom
the escaton what is it people that's where we get our word escaton ology from again another word you're not going to
be able to represent this in Hebrew right it's too sophisticated right and so they don't keep going keep going
let's see next one next one yeah that one yeah you're right that one um no on
underneath that underneath that underneath that boom um no escaton here
oh God wait a minute wait a minute this is good stuff though look here's a little here's a little mystery here's a
little more mystery look at it the remedy is my secret my secret remedy is
a medicine it's in Gaya Alexander traes at the very bottom there my secret
medicine is it a secret no it's a drug combo that we're using in
religious rights yeah these are the implements that you can
take if you're Nebuchadnezzar did you know what happened to this King by the way anybody know what happened to this
King he loses
it he loses it bro I tell you don't trust those Magi I told you stay away
from the Magi for now right you got to be careful they're gonna be offering you stuff next thing you know you're GNA be
out you know and doing crazy things doing crazy things absolutely you know
come on where's Nero Nero Nero has to be fed people that he can fight with that's
where we're going right give me the next one give me um no it's this one it's this
one mystical truth right what is that escaton what is that escaton that we're
talking about what is it give it to me in Hebrew how do we translate that in Hebrew well it's the
end the end again word origin probably Aramaic
maybe from this word we don't know because now these languages ever wrote
anything seriously they didn't no they had been so dominated by the Greek that
there was no literature right there is absolutely no literature when you people
and they look at you funny when you say hey outside of the septu agent um where
are the Hebrew medical manuals they don't exist I'm sorry where
are the Hebrew lyric poets don't exist I'm sorry right they have to be backtracked
into history they have to be placed back in history and that is what the story of
the translation of the septu is all about it is an attempt to seed history
with things that were not why to justify to justify what well in a lot of
cases if you get to know the prophets you'll find this out in a lot of cases it's genocide monism gravitates to
genocide right monism gravitates to genocide okay okay that's why you don't
see resistance to it right that's why monism doesn't actively strive to resist
the Giants that would just come in and destroy a village do you know any of
these Giants I knew one that went into a village with some special fire from uranos and
blew up a building where Anastasia's father was and killed him and then left
the countryside left everything just just
rubble a giant destroying the world the
tyrants have been Unleashed I think that's what the the the Watchers were saying something about that that's what
it was about I wish I could remember they're going to be so mad if I get back and I didn't do that um something about
tyrants you love the tyrants uh something along
those watch them rise blah blah blah I don't know I'll have to go they always
you know they try to keep it simple but it's distracting give me the next one we're GNA go um what is the escaton
right look at this it's space as always in Homer the furthest the uttermost the
extreme okay give me the next one I'm starting to get it I'm starting to get it it's the extreme
okay we're going to Breeze through this we're going to Breeze through this because my internet is failing as you
can obviously see and then we're going to get to Neil um the escaton is something special I just want you to
realize that and you can't convey it in the Hebrew it doesn't come across look at this the logic of Aristotle right
what are the what are those things that are esotic they're the lowest
species right look at the bottom the automon what does that mean right when he says species he doesn't just mean
like we think species right um the automon there is
atomism right there these Greeks are talking about the atomic theory and you think oh democratus is the first to talk
about it oh great look what Aristotle is doing this is the power of their language give me the next one give me
the next one in it's the last step in geometrical analysis or ultimate it's called the ultimate look at it
expression below
right right it is that final
condition right of the deed the thing that's being practiced of the action itself right the ultimate condition of
action final step okay look how they're look how they're you know how they're tuning these words right and these are
in the text but the Hebrew can't he Hebrew just can't bear that burden right
so seeing I'm translating seeing him what is this he fell at his feet and he
starts talking to him he says saying a lot of stuff but he says look I've got
Aug I've got a little girl who's es she has or is in a state that is the
escos it is that extremity would you please understand this is
where we go in the mystery this is where we go and that's
why it's showing up in Daniel because it is part of the mystery
as he himself said we've got the boys we've got them
castrated we've got their supplements going
what more of the mystery do you want do you want don't ask me should we do this
right is this I'm I I feel funny I feel strange no just stop and watch the
anthropology and yeah it hurts it hurts my brain too but this is the
reality that's behind the fairy tale yeah yeah love it and it's it's
quite revealing about history give me one more text we'll Buzz through these cuz I want to get to Neil I got that
itch wait yeah um just look at this um
yeah we're getting um okay look at this text what are we getting we're getting
drunk and what are we doing we're looking for SP liia we're looking for
Spade liia excuse
me um those are
Grotto we're looking for Grotto okay we''ve got our boys we've
castrated them we're christing and we've got our Grotto and if you look at the
end of that line that starts a it's the top line You'll see the word
lestone what is a grotto it's a place where you go if you are a child
trafficker who is involved in the mystery you see the circumcision is the
sign in the flesh do you understand why the boys now
are circumcised we're going to The Grotto
and look at number two the privy Parts the privy Parts you mean you want
Abraham's cpos again the privy Parts people I'm not making this up look at
number two it's in Daniel what do we want we want the privy
parts do you know what you get to do behind the ska in the
theater these are banss we're talking about right
saders saders and what does saders do behind I'll let you guess I'm not GNA
spell it out but I'll let you guess it involves these
Unix get your clothesman ready it's going to be a long night it's going to
be a long night hit me I just wanted you to see a couple of these other ones look we've got the money and the fantasies
going on I just wanted you to see that Daniel is great he's great with the dreams but I want you to look here I
want you to look here this is verse 13 we're talking about the salvation the
salvation of the people and the T soai the Salvation or the saving or
preserving of what tonist sue your Christ do you see who we worship you
Christians and you you um practicing Jew
Jews right which by the way I've been in Israel and most of the people that I was around were like openly hostyle to
practicing any sort of freaking religion especially when we're walking in the synagogues women that we had worked with
all week couldn't fraking be around us anymore right that monism drives to the
Tyranny that is ultimately misogynistic I think it maybe it was that was that
with the Watchers a bunch of misogynists right bunch of misogynists you're rooting for the Giants people why are
you rooting for the Giants they're going to destroy everything give me the next one give me the next one um yeah here's
your MOS I just want to leave you with the MOs and you can come back and see this but okay and finally our last one
then I'm gonna bring on Neil I'm gonna bring on Neil what's that seed of the king oh
this is right before I was going to include this before this is just when he's taking hostages and collecting
Daniel okay what I want you to see from tonight's work is that the world is very
different and you and I can can get a view of the 3D Century's world
through the fictional craftsmanship of the author of Daniel
now and remember please in Antiquity they were arguing they were arguing people
say no the people who actually read what was in Alexandria said there's
no way this thing is is original Hebrew there's no way it is this thing is Greek originally for all
the very same reasons I'm pointing out to you the vocabulary that they couldn't keep up with right
um it's epic taking a step from gilgames
up to hmer is an epic jump it's an epic jump yeah it is and I
think people are beginning to see that people are looking now and focusing on
the Greek and the socalled sepian scholars who aren't really septan Scholars those are Hebrew language
Scholars right they're not Scholars of the sepagan if they were and they had read anything outside
of the septu agent they wouldn't be saying what they're saying it's just the same thing that um africanist said so
with that I want to leave you tonight and I want you to be thinking about I mean I'm not gonna leave you I'm gonna
interview Neil now this we're gonna do this differently but before we jump in with Neil I just want you to know we're
following those mystery rights that they're performing within
the world of these quote unquote Pirates right these nonpol azed nations right
these groups of people I mean it's not the first time in history they had migrating groups of people wandering
groups of people right okay fantastic fantastic said now I want to call in I
want to call in Neil open up go ahead Chey get him up here and I want to have
a conversation with Neil but I told him you can't bring you're not allowed to bring any I just I just pulled out my
camera just because I had it all packed so moving to Florida but I pulled it back up just for this I just got here a
couple minutes ago so I wasn't even watching I just got here okay I'll let you I will let you use it in whatever
capacity you want a minute but I want to ask you your moveing to Florida is that right yep I'll be there within a week
I'll move all this week now are you going to have your studio are you gonna have your studio set up there oh yeah
okay I might have I might set up a different background I haven't decided yet I'm gonna bring this with me I just
put this back up too I like the red you know it's like it's like a purple red it's like a perfect you know what I mean
yeah you're hey you know what you got to get is some of that beautiful Beach you're probably going to have a
beach background or something like that tell me this what what what tempted you
to go to Florida was it the oh there's a lot of people down there Danny Jones is down there dereck's down there other
people are down there few quite a few people are down that I know I have family member that's down there it's
just a it was it was a nice it was it was a perfect spot to be get out of the
cold I'm up here in New York get out of the cold you're gonna get a tan I'm
gonna be laughing in Jan when all my friends and people from up here are snowing are shoveling snow and I'm out
in the pool or something yeah you're GNA get a tan it's going to
change watch it's going to change you you're GNA get a tan and you're going to be hanging around doing a lot of
socializing and I think you're gonna love it I think you're gonna absolutely love it so um kudos to you I hope that I
can come and visit that would be nice if I I do plan on I do plan on getting you down there to interview you in person
like a Danny Jones style you and me and then you can probably do Janny another Danny Jones because I'll be able to take
you to Danny while you're down in Florida so you'll have a little mini tour going a little alone ladyy Babylon
mini tour you'll do my channel you'll do Danny's Channel and they're all they're all gonna be inperson highdea cameras
because that [__] got a million views and we need we need more of those people want to see more more of that good okay
good let's do more of it then that's fantastic um I hope that you really enjoy the Ambiance of Florida I hope you
really kind of soak in that because I know you're GNA be around alligators right yes that's the reason why I picked
this location that I'm gonna be moving to is right in the back there's a big pond and there a big sign it says watch
out for point is in a snakes don't feed the alligators I got all right I'm getting this place and it's all out in
nature has a very Pagan Vibe you know palm trees everywhere it's a lot of
trees it's very green a lot of water that's something something good about being around water and trees that's good
for the brain good for the good for the psyche the soul I shouldn't even say the brain good for the soul yeah right I
totally agree agre on that I think Aristotle would would say yeah that's definitely true yeah I think anybody
with brains would tell you the very same thing you know um I think it's good that
you get out of the concrete for a while and get out to the get out to the mother nature so you found a nice place that'll
cross over it'll bring you the nature and that's awesome that's awesome fantastic okay I want to ask you this
you had a video you had a video that you did um do you want to talk about your video at all because you know ask me
anything you want man ask okay fantastic fantastic look what are you doing when
you create a video like that are you engaging in what the Romans did when
they made public demonstrations for doctors are you engaging in the museum
what tell tell us about it CU people are going to be harsh on you and they're going to say oh you shouldn't be so you
shouldn't be so critical with the Bible that's what a lot of people are saying that I was it was too much I was too
mean it was it was an ad hom blah blah blah blah blah when the same people do
the same thing to everyone else you know when when they when they do a rebuttal against you know some apologist that
they don't like they think he's a misogynist or whatever they think he's a liar they think he's wrong they'll the same they're engaged in the same
rhetoric that I look Cicero talked about it Aristotle talked about it Damas
talked about it there's a style of rhetoric sometimes a little adom here and there goes a long way with with a
good argument an Adam without a good argument doesn't look good A little ad ham with a good argument that's a you
know that's a nice spicy tomato right there I I thought it was more than just
a it was more than just a street fight because you brought out so many
sources um there there's no way that any you can ever get a response to this
because you just brought out sources and just showed people you just stuck to the facts and showed people and I think um
the people who want to obscure the history who want to obfuscate those
people I think they don't know how to handle you Neil when all you're doing is bringing them sources I don't know what
do you think that's what I was trying to do I'm trying to demonstrate take people by the hand show you the sources show
you give let you see it for yourself let you decide and then even bring in a couple other PE you know I brought in
Paul paw larente at the end a scholar who write wrote dissertation on James Frasier and dying and Rising Gods who's
a current Professor who's publishing books every month and articles every
month on these things like I'm just I'm saying look there there are people who specialize in these things there people
who don't so I'm trying to point that out to people and then there's the primary sources that that's that's uh
king of all the primary sources are king of all Scholars are great but the primary sources are King you can't argue
with the primary sources if it's there it's there if it's not it's not that's why I went straight to um um diodorus of
Sicily euphorion of culus and um what was the other primary source that oh
cicus I say look if you don't know for first of all you can't pronounce semily right get out of
here you're in the wrong you're in the wrong room go back to grade school but but all right let's let's let him pass
let's let them all right you screwed up it was it might have been a mistake all right fine if you don't know the central
mythology of Dian Isis as being a god him and Osiris gods of Resurrection
that's their theme that's their whole purpose that's what they that's what they're there for that's what the orphic tablets present is that the hope and D
isis's Resurrection is the Hope in your own Resurrection it's the Mysteries right that's why they find golden orphic
tablets all over the Mediterranean not just in Macedonia not just in thce not
just in Central Greece not in Italy in cre in Egypt and then from the 3 Century
bcee all the way through the fifth century ad there's hundreds of Golden Leaves
orphic Golden Leaves From and burial sites in Israel
so you can't say this is the Greeks over there and this is the Jews over here no no no orphism was a was an international
religion of the ancient world it was an international cult that the that people
in Latin participated in people in Greek participated people in Aramaic Syriac Egyptian they were all participating in
orphism orphism was widespread and so I wanted to point that out to people like look this stuff was big the idea of you
even you know know you get in um in some of these orphic oric uh fragments there
is sort of a hint at original sin and the Titans who eat the Flesh of baby
dionisis zagas as euphorion calls him he just get says his name is dianis zarus
one name um they eat his flesh in a sacrifice and they consume his flesh and
Zeus is so angry at this that he takes he K first of all he kills
them all then he takes their flesh who after them consuming the body of
dionisis have this spark of divinity in them and he creates the world out of it
and because of the world because the world's created out of the Titan flesh humans as a result have a Divine spark
in them Dian Isis and also sort of an a a um sort of a sin fleshly uh uh you
know what's the word uh a tit a Titanic cannibalism right so the idea of the the
idea of you know of eating the eating the fruit right which causes sin and
enter the world in the sepagan in the Old Testament right they're eating zagas
who's a fruit God think about that so there's something going on there there something something interesting going on
there you also have the diad of Zoe and Adin indestructible life that's Zoe that's
zagas so I don't know I'm pointing all this stuff out I didn't go that deep in the video but I did think I I did think
I actually laid out that it's pretty clear how influential the the oric dionan bakic
myth mythology is on the wider Mediterranean world all day all day
I and don't forget that the um the literary
tradition carries with it the idea idea that bakic religion swept across the
world they're getting it in thieves and it's hitting in people the whole the whole story is about why people won't
accept it and then when they come to accept it how they're forced to do so and it's sweeping every the longest epic
in of Greek is about a war of bakic religion spreading all the way to India
right so post posid of Roads when he traveled to India he noticed how similar the sh
shiism was to B bak bak to the orphism to how Shiva was like he called him he
called Shiva an Indian dianis yeah and and there's there are some Scholars
um France kumant I think it's France kumant who P who uh points out that
Shiva and sabazius had AR cognate through this Indo European word SOA SWA
which is where we get sabba and Shiva from they just go in different directions and it's the caucus the
caucuses region where he says this probably came from from vit culture because that's where by the way and it
actually lines up maps on perfectly Vita culture was discovered in the Caucasus region that's where they that's where
they learn how to cultivate the vine and make sasus is from there does it lines
up that evidence I think that's I think there's some strong stuff to say people probably people will probably argue is
the Greek coming from the Sanskrit is sanskrit from the Greek I think they're both coming those common roots from that
palasan ancestry you were reading something about palasan the other day what' you find
out oh yeah the pans that's what the Greeks called their ancestors yeah there
was something about some writing somewhere that somebody was thought what it's what it's what Scholars refer to as Indo European it's that yeah European I
don't ter no one likes that term I don't know why I don't care what you call it I just it is it is what it is um but you
know what I want to say this too orus Orpheus was claimed as a Prophet by
the Jews living in Alexandria we have like three or four primary sources of claiming that orus either was the son of
or the teacher of museus who they thought was Moses I'm not making this up
read James Charlesworth is uh um pseudepigrapha it's right in there it's
in the book two go to go to the Ora read what he says they claimed orus as their Prophet not only that we talk everyone
talks about apocalyptic literature right that's like that's oh Jew Jewish Jewish
uh texts are apocalyptic in nature apocalyptic nature that's Judaism right well what was what is Orpheus doing he's
called a theologian the first time anyone's ever called a theologian is Orpheus
uh and that goes back to the Classical period not the helenistic period and also he's he's revealing use they use
the word apocalypse he's revealing mysteries about catastrophic events in the future about the gods a God the gods
you know coming down and enacting Justice it's apocalyptic
literature it's what you generate when you're christed baby and um that's what
they're doing it's the F that they're doing by the third century when said tuag is being produced it's down to a
very specific he's teaching him the mystery and they're using the acrs to do it and it is a vision and this is the
vision you realize those Visions is the same thing the oracles and the prophets are doing and they're all using drugs to
get there right do you know that the word God in English is it cognate with
gota which is also cognate with Soma and ha it's a drug it's cognate with drugs
the word God the English word for God is incognate with
drugs so that leads me to think that there's in the in the origins of religion itself there was there was um
ordained Priestly psychedelic use whe whether it be you know cannabis use in
the temple whether it be drinking Som or haom or kukan or some sort of drink some
sort of some sort of thec some that's and I think over time it gets we e it
out and it just gets relegated to certain groups and then eventually Christianity as the church as the Roman
Church takes over they sort of corporatize religion and they sort of water it all down and it doesn't we know
religion is no longer what it used to be in the ancient world they took people actually met the gods and had real
Revelations using psychedelics right and they took that out it was one of the
Christian control mechanisms is removing that from society so now you in in in uh
in a way you then control the god experience that those drugs naturally
would bring out so it's like taking away religion monism takes away the natural
religion that is you know coming through us to us through the poisons and the plants and the you know everything love
it love it that's why I brought that's why I brought up that Source um because Danny Jones asked you
about ask Danny or ask Dan about this you know you talking about how there's drugs in the beginning of Christianity
he's basically saying there's there's just no sources that reflect that that's why I brought up that Source from
hippius talking about Marcus and like some people might say that's only one guy who cares but then it's like wait a
minute though Marcus was a valentinian a huge sect of Christianity
going into the middle beginning to the middle of the second century 120s 13s 140s around that period huge group of
Christians in the West in Rome and in France the marosan brought Christianity
to France and they're named after this guy they're named after this guy the guy
that got caught slipping drugs in the Eucharist giving it to women so that they can prophecy and do all this crazy
civil civil it's like civil stuff you know and so I pointed that out like look
he's calling it a heresy but this is 50 years later this is no it's actually longer I think
hippius writes around 220 or something and he's writing about a guy who's like
6070 years ago he don't know what was going on back then he's just you know so
I think I think at the time go ahead why would you want to be stopping
people from entering ecstatic States why would you want to be stopping people
from using drugs is it a control part of me thinks it's an attempt to take that
Vision all to yourself and control it which in that case makes sense because
the secret Gospel of Mark he still got his boy and he's staying with his boy
and he's doing what is obviously sexual things it says they're entering into
love it says the kid was sexually attracted to him wh uh what I thought
about this yeah go ahead the the major Schism that happens in the first or
second century actually part I think I think it probably started in the first century the very first Schism of
Christianity ever it's not the Schism of Orthodoxy and Catholicism that happens
centuries centuries later it's not the uh Schism over the Trinity Aryan the Aryan heresy it's not that it's the
Schism of divine revelation versus Bishop Authority and they called the people who
were getting divine revelation Marcus is one of them drug use is an example they
call those people gnostics they just wave a blanket term over all of them they didn't all call themselves gnostics
some of them might have I think there's some evidence that the nasin call themselves gnostics cool we can agree
with that they didn't not call themselves that they're all different valentinians aren't the same as the nines the the carpar crans aren't the
same as the valentinians the sethians aren't the same as the nines either they're all different they're all doing their own thing they're all Christians
though they're all calling themselves Christiano now the Schism happens between two
different groups of people it's not gnostics and Orthodoxy this is what it is Bishop Authority versus personal
divine revelation they don't want people to be able to say I've gotten divine
revelation and this is what I was told by the angel or God or whoever by Jesus or Mary whatever they don't want that
because that's too much chaos you can't control that you can't corporatize that imagine if you're a corporate
McDonald's and everybody all the McDonald's um franchisees they're all
just doing their own thing selling their own products one of them sells chicken the other one sells Burger the other one sells you can't have that they all have
to be in uniform and they all have to follow who who's on top bishopi
authority the Bishops rule the Bishops decide the Bishops determine things like
Christmas and Easter whatever but that was what the Schism was those people were fighting for personal divine
revelation and they call them gnostics but that's not what they were it's just the freedom to express religion in an
narcistic way and to be connected to God by yourself they didn't want that that's
what they ruled out in the first second century that's what became the Gnostic heresy that's that and that's why you
get people like hippius and irenaeus and Justin Martyr writing about these older
sects that are gone and they can't defend themselves and and we're we're Orthodox and they're not that's what
happened it it makes you wonder it makes you wonder if they're
all practicing the mystery right it's the central element that they're all
supposedly involved in directly if I can go to the carpo creations and I
can ingest the priestess's um body fluids in order
order to have my communion that will take me to that place where I can see
that Living Dead Girl and then come back um why would I submit to an Episcopal or
or a bishop Authority right I it makes me
wonder what did that the what did those Bishops ultimately
do that quash the activities of of those
other Mysteries that were harnessing the chemical and the sexual communion I
wonder what what do you think they did eventually they just start killing people or something yeah there it's
power they want the power I mean that's so that's just human nature is to strive
for more power the will to power it's everyone has that in them and that's what happened with these Orthodoxy these
Bishops who are wanted to get just want control over this over this church and it fits better for a Roman imperial
system to have one church with one one Creed one dogma and all the cities you
know have one text that they read one Bible and they don't have no na document
no no Gospel of Thomas no it's all just what we think is the is the correct or
which was word orthodox means the correct straight way right yeah what about the Unix do you like the way I
mean Jesus is walking around giving out his death inducing drug um and he's
being christed um he's casting out the demons um how is it that um we dropped
the whole unic thing because he was big on the Unix he was telling everybody look if you can be a unic for the kingom
of heaven so one of the things I've been noticing about about how we can make
inferences from from texts that tell us stuff about other things for example when heraclitus talks about how he's
disgusted at the Dian religion how they worship idols and he says how they they
wash themselves in blood he says they purified themselves as in blood as if it's cleaning them and that's what we
can infer from that that the dionan religion at the time of heraclitus in the six Century BCE presocratic times
Classical period we can infer from his text that the dionan Cults were doing
some sort of ritual where they were being washed in the blood of dianis just like just like you're W he was
represented by a bull in some cases sometimes a goat depends on what text we're looking at or what whatever but
he's the ritual sacrificial animal which is what you get with Jesus is the Lamb because he's the Passover Lamb but what
I'm getting at is you can infer things right you can infer from that that's how you don't have to find a a you don't
have to find in the Bak eye some sort of reference to them being washed in the blood of dianis you can go to heraclitus
and do a cross reference and infer from that there's got why would heraclitus make that up right all right that's one
thing in the second century the nasen preacher told his cult members to go and
watch the mysteries of Addis because he told them you will see
your own mystery of Christ within the mysteries of Addis this is what he says to them he says I I I um I'm
paraphrasing but he says I encourage my my my followers to go and visit the the
the hararia go and watch the Holy Week and and you'll see your own mystery of
Christ within the mysteries of Addis now he even has a whole hymn dedicated to
Addis that he applies to Jesus and it's very syncretic where he's calling him Osiris he's calling him dianis he's
calling him bakus he's calling him Addis Adonis all that stuff but the reason why I'm bring that up is because you brought
the unic thing why would he tell his followers to go and watch people become Unix for the king for the for the um for
the cult of Addis if as if that's that's where you're going to find your mystery in so I can infer from that that in the
early 2 Century Middle 2 Century there were Christians who had a there might
have been something related to people becoming Unix for the Kingdom of Heaven just as Jesus says
in Matthew right Matthew becoming King Unix for the kingdom of heaven right so
to me making an inference from the noten document from the noten preacher there's
something there for sure I think it's an integral element
that people you know because they don't read sources like the one that you just brought up right they don't they don't
jump into that and be it's because they want to promote a theology or a
Viewpoint and shame on the biblical Scholars for doing the same thing shame on them for they fall they fall victim
to the same dogmas that the church wants them to they're un it's like they they
do the same thing even if they're not Christians even if they're atheist Scholars they do this thing where oh the
not the nines those are Heretics who cares they're not they don't tell us anything about Christianity oh the Corporal crans they don't tell us
anything about early Christianity why am I there let's look at Justin Martyr let's look at Clement of Rome let's look
at and it's like why would you only look at who became Orthodoxy four centuries
later because you're in that camp because you're a monest of that specific
camp and you can't be flexible it's the problem with monest education right
first thing you do is you go in you destroy all of the sources that aren't your holy source and you plant your holy
source why you they're doing that schools absolutely right we're so lucky
to even know about these Heretics we wouldn't know about them we lost all of their Texs they're all gone
we only know about them through people talking crap about them yeah that's it
yeah that's it and then the nen document that's an interesting story they found
that in um Mount AOS in Greece in some uh some Monk location like just like
buried in a bunch of text that was just by itself and no one even knew it was there someone stumbled on it it was half
ripped barely can legible and they they're like what the hell's this and it's about it's this nen preacher
document some crazy [__] dude yeah about addex Addis and Enix and the great
mother and all this crazy [__] and pro probably some Monk wiped his backside
with it you know at one time or another and threw it back into a pile yeah to oh
because it was you know it wasn't the good stuff it wasn't the stuff that's ruled to be the Orthodox I totally agree
with you I totally agree with you okay I want to end on this I want to ask you you've got a an interview coming out
with uh Danny Jones tell me about that and when people you think can can see it
I'm not sure when Danny's gonna drop it uh but it's coming out before it will be out before the election that's for
sure because he wants to we talk about um it's not it's not really Pol political but it's about the founding
fathers it's about the anacreontic society the star sping remember you and I had a chat about this one time but we
went 10 times deeper we get into the Statue of Liberty we get into some of
the stuff that some of the uh Napoleon and the French Revolution and the Enlightenment and the drive the drive to
go back to classical sources to draw wisdom from and that's what I kind of
hammered way in that podcast was how much you know the founding fathers for
example they wanted to they wanted to create some sort of system based off of the ideals of the Roman Republic
Athenian democracy something in between something that can fit the 13 colony
system that they had going on at the time period and they're like they're looking at the the because at that at
the time period the Holy Roman Empire still existed for another 10 years I think it was like
some early in the 19th century or 18 yeah 19th century the uh Holy Roman
Emperor finally Falls because of Napoleon but anyways they're looking at this dying carcass bloated carcass
religious system theocracy where there's an emperor and a pope and they decide
and there's all these different and the Bishops are on top and the Bishops have to go to every city and every every uh
yl or not yl whatever they called them at the time um uh I forgot what they're they're called but they're they're not
they're like Governors right Burgers I think they're called burgers is that yeah yeah yeah every governor in in the
whole in this in in Europe had a bishop right next to them looking over their shoulder and watching everything they do
and they're basically like spies that's their job they basically their job is to spy on the governor and
report back to the to to Rome and say or the you know whoever whoever's in whoever the whoever the powers sources
at the time whether it's the emperor in Spain or the hasur and over in Austria
ever it is right depending on what time period and their job is to report back and say they're not doing he's being
heretical he's doing some [__] he's acting like a pagan right now we gotta we got to do something about and that's
and so the United States decided that we don't want that system we want a free system right and so they then set up a
constitutional republic based off what we found an ancient Roman Republic based off the writings of Cicero and deanes
and Solon and lerus and all these brilliant thinkers of the ancient classical world oh wait let me mention
I'm glad you mentioned like kgus um like kgus by the way in plutar did you notice
that he talks about like Kus set up a system for um education for women just
just for the women because he wanted while people were away campaigning he didn't want stuff to fall fall apart so
um women's education was mandatory and Plutarch says it was heavily driven by a
gymnastic a physical component as well as a working what we would call an
educational component that was strictly not physical I mean it's gorgeous I
think it uh um Aristotle brags about how we have women in our society who could
think for themselves and they're educated and can can do like they they have they're proud of that yeah you know
you want that that's there's nothing like so yeah there's there's things that were happening in that time period there
was they're looking at the current times and going what do we need to do to get back to real Society that's that's free
and and that's and libertas that Goddess that Great Goddess libertas manura you
know with with the shield and the helmet and the and the and the sword that's the symbol that's the god that rules us you
know yeah the Divine virgin baby of democracy we love it we love it and she
goes back to the serpents she goes back to the serpents and the practice of the
musterion so that that mystery is extremely important throughout history
and I'm proud to say just like you were saying you know culus is the area where
you know you're G to get this cultivation that's gonna push bonic
religion across the world um I love it I'm always going to tell people par just
thought that the mes were named after media right right and that she was the author of that bakic religion it would
make sense because the communion can only come through a physical source so
it would make sense that whatever she did with her brain to figure out what happens and when you consume this what
it does to your body God damn that and that Med that medic Kingdom that medic Kingdom stretched all the way from India
to the Greek speaking world and then it's ear oh God oh God I love it okay
okay we're overloaded I'm GNA let people go thank you for coming tonight um
Gnostic I'm gonna give you the last word and then I'm gonna say uh hail Satan
what's the last word I want to think of something good to say um thank
thank of all your of all your recent experiences where's the battle Hercules
sword and shield and by what I mean by sword and shield is grab your text grab your
sources and uh go to war Hil Satan yeah
Hil Satan Hil Satan fire like bourbon 666 Medusa BL AB
bubs versus or cams to the moon what has become of you red and white
mushrooms I Choose You by the trees where the flowers bloom smile away
Thunder God make the Purple Rain my girl is Mary Jane s vom twister cane of the
Sabbath Teddy Bas Mr Black Magic singing Hallelujah cheapers creepers High purple
I move every Green Tree grower white leopard jump the snow strength water
flowers are grow purple golden yellow thund of Venus Oculus Athena
[Music] the Antichrist you dream
of I Choose You
[Music] Baby
Oh I choose you baby and I you